Q: What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
A: Git create a new directory in qhich where it will keep track of all the versions that I save, which means that you can start tracking files and changes to those files.

Q: How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
A: The staging area is an intermediate area where I can add changes before
    committing them to the repository.  This allows me to add changes to the
    staging area one-by-one, then commit them all at once, which makes it easier
    to specify what changes should go into each commit.

Q: How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
A: by typing "git diff" you get the changes you've made to the staging area.
	by typing "git diff --staged" you see the changes between the master and the staging area
	by using "git add <file>" you can specify which files to add to your commit, allowing you to only add files that are part of the logical change to the next commit
	by typing "git reset <file>" you can pull a file from the staging area in case it is not part of the logical change.

Q: What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
A: They sounds good when I have to testing new version of code but I'm not sure on the result, or they also be very usefull when I've need to collaborate with other programmer, to can everyone create a himself version.
Or what about if I have need to A/B test? with branche i can testing more exclusive version of the seem project.

Q: How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
A: It's like having a route map and not having it. If I have a route map, it's easier for me to understand where I am and how I got here. In the same way, with the commit diagrams it is easier to see which points have modified the code, which ones can be shot, which ones have to be cut.
